Modify MATLAB visualizer to also support the case in which the mesh package:// URI is resolved in a ROS-compatible way (#817)
robotology/idyntree: CHANGELOG.md

### Added
- Add the possibility to plot and update frames in the Matlab visualizer.
- Added ``getFileLocationOnLocalFileSystem`` method in ``ExternalMesh`` that attempts to find the mesh location in the local file system. This is now used by the ``Visualizer`` when loading the robot model (https://github.com/robotology/idyntree/pull/798). This can also be used by the `iDynTreeWrapper.prepareVisualization` MATLAB function, if `meshFilePrefix` is explicitly set to `""` (https://github.com/robotology/idyntree/pull/817).
- Add the possibility to extract submatrix with MatrixView (https://github.com/robotology/idyntree/pull/800)

> - Improved the Visualizer library: camera animations and corrections, interface for frames and texture, fix of ``STL`` visualization. This improvements also include mource control supprot for the camera, also in the `idyntree-model-view` application (https://github.com/robotology/idyntree/pull/802).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Improved the Visualizer library: camera animations and corrections, interface for frames and texture, fix of ``STL`` visualization. These improvements also include mouse control support for the camera, also in the `idyntree-model-view` application (https://github.com/robotology/idyntree/pull/802).
```
